1. How would you define machine learning: 
The process by which a machine creates the routines to solve a task without 
direct coding of the algorithm. 

2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines: 
Problems with no known algorithms
Problems with extremely large data sets
Problems where the code needs to by dynamics sudden changes in information
Problems where trends or solutions change drastically

3. What is a labeled training set:
A labeled training set is a data set that includes the features to be studied
(i.e, the data collected) as well as the expected output that thw ML algo should 
produces. These expected outputs are usually applied by hand.

4. What are the two most common supervised task: 
Image recognition and linear regression 

5. Can you name for common unsupervised tasks: 
clustering, anomaly, dimension reduction, rule learning. 

6. What type of Machine Learn algo would you use to allow a robot to walk 
in various unknown terrains?
unsupervised, reinfoircement learning (online)

7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups? 
clustering

8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as supervised or unsupervised?
Initially this would be supervised as people had to mark spam messages. As the algorithm gets better 
it can be adapted to unsupervised/semi-supervised where new labels are input as needed.

9. What is an online learning system? 
Online learning is when a ML algo is able to actively adapt to data that is 
produced in production enviornment

10. What is out of core learning?
When an online learning algorithm is trained offline on a large data set that cannot fit on one machine's memory
(seems independet of the type of algorithm, more focused on size of data and training location)

11.What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions?
Instance-based models learn the training set by heart and use the similarity between the learned data and a new data to make predictions

12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm hyperparameter?
A model parameter is the value of the model that is optimized to best predict the value of the training set. 
By comparsion a learning algorithm hyperparameter is a regularization that is applied to a parameter in the model. 
In the text the model parameter could be the slope of a linear model, and the hyperparametr was a regularization to limit 
the range of the allowed slopes of the final fitted model.

13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predicitions?
Model-based learning algorithms search for the optimal model parameters to best fit the training data
with respect to some cost or utility function. This is ultimately to search for the underlying trends of the data
which the most common strategy involves optimizing with respect to a cost/utility function. Once tuned, 
the models make predictions by taking in the features and performing a computation to return an estimated output.

14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
The challenges occur in two subsets: bad data and bad models. With respect to data, there could be sample bias (1),
where the training data has a skew based on the collection method. Furthermore their could insufficient quantity relative to the
complexity of the model/problem (2). The book references that even simple problems require thousands of examples. Lastly, there
could be poor-quality data (3), this refers to including features that are irrelevant or using a data set with missing features, or features 
that may be entered erroneously. For the models, the two main issues are overfitting (4) and underfitting (5), which both refer to
how the model is trained on the data set. In short a model trained well on the training set may not generalize.

15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, what is happening? Can you name three posible solutions?
In this case, the model is said to overfitting. Some solutions include: (1) reducing the complexity of the model (new model, or regularization),
(2) gather more data to make the true trends more apparent, (3) clean existing data to remove noise

16. What is a test set, and why would you want to use it?
A test set is a subset of the total data set that is used to further verify a model after it is trained on the 
training set. This can be used to compare the effectiveness of different model types to generalize to new data.

17. What is the purpose of a validation set?
A validation set is a different subset of the total data set that is used to compare different hyperparameters for the same model 
that have been trained on the same training set. Similar to a test set in this way, you can test for
how well each model generalizes. Once the best is identified it is trained again including the validation set and 
finally tested on the test set. 

18. What is a train-dev set, when do you need it, and how do you use it?
A train-dev set is subset of the total data set that is representative of the data to be seen in production.
This is useful when you only have a small amount of representative data and access to a large set of 
simulated data. The train-dev set is used after a model is trained on the remaining data to test whether it
is overfitting or underfitting due to the data mismatch (between simulated and real data)

19. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set?
In this case, the 'optimal' model that is found will be the one that most overfits the training AND test sets.
This prevents it from generalizing to new cases, nullifying the reason for a test set.